Update betty.txt (#1)
cymetz09/bulma-hacks: betty.txt

dev1 change

> dev1 change

Author: need new definition

> HERE ARE MARCH 22 2022 CHANGES

Author: ```suggestion
here ARE MARCH 22 2022 MODES.
```

> another change to dev1 to make it dev99
> 
> yet another changes to dev1 to make it dev100

Author: ```suggestion
1 more change to dev1 to make it dev999

yet once again changes to dev1 into dev101
```
